# DIFFUSION
This first line should come from the `addClassDescription` of MOOSE.

## Overview
Where does the basic description come from: Doxygen or some external file?

Personally, I think Derek might be
on the right track by saying the Doxygen if for developers, thus nothing would be pulled from the src. The information about the object, including
the math, would be placed in the description markdown file, which is detailed below.

The Laplacian operator.

$\nabla u \cdot \nabla \phi_i = 0$

## Description
The content here can be extracted from external file(s), this is where you can go into great detail. Currently, this information is on the wiki.

The detailed class description files can be given a special extension: `Diffusion.md.desc`. Then when the `make doc` command is run, this
file (Diffusion.md) will be created, in a location mirroring the repository.

#### Directory Structure
The location of this file, the *.desc, and other documentation will be in the `doc/markdown` direcory (note: this is a top-level directory, which is not the case now) which will contain a structure similar to the entire repository. For example:
  * `moose/doc/framework/kernels/Diffusion.md`: This file that is generated by the documentation blaster using `Diffusion.md.desc` and MOOSE executable.
  * `moose/doc/tutorials/darcy_thermo_mech/README.md`: An overview markdown file from which the training can be generated.
  * `moose/doc/framework/outputs/README.md`: General information about the Output system.
  * `moose/doc/install/README.md`: General information about getting started with MOOSE, this would contain subpages for all our build instructions.

#### Tool for Building Website
From all these files we should be able use some sort of Markdown based web-viewer to view the content on a website.
  * [MkDocs](http://www.mkdocs.org) - this uses python markdown package that supports extensions (see [Extensions](#extensions))
  * [readthedocs.org](readthedocs.org)
  * [MDwiki](http://dynalon.github.io/mdwiki/#!index.md)

#### Terminal Output
It will also be possible to dump the content on the terminal with a terminal markdown viewer:
  * [http://tosbourn.com/view-markdown-files-terminal/](http://tosbourn.com/view-markdown-files-terminal)
  * [https://github.com/axiros/terminal_markdown_viewer](https://github.com/axiros/terminal_markdown_viewer)
  * ...

#### Peacock
Of course, this complete and/or partial documentation page will be visible in Peacock.


#### Slides
Any markdown file will be able to be also be viewed as slides. We can come up with special syntax (in similar fashion to the current blaster)
for hiding and formating things. This can be done in empty markdown links. For example, a slide break is: `[](---)`. I would like to focus on the Reveal.js framework which will allow us to do horizontal and vertical slides. This is ideal for our current workshop slides. For example, in Step 2 we have some basic information about creating a Kernel, but that requires us to understand InputParameters, Kernels, etc. These sub-topics are shown a vertial in the slide overview: see [Reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/#/).

[](---)

#### Extensions
We can also consider using the python markdown package, which converts markdown to html. It supports extensions and is used by the MkDocs package. We can then create custom markdown syntax (MOOSE flavored Markdown) that is capable of inserting code blocks directly from the repository. For example, placing the following could actually show the github style code block rather than a link:

```
[Diffusion::computeQpProperties](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/devel/framework/src/kernels/Diffusion.C#computeQpProperties)
```

would appear as:

```C++
Real
Diffusion::computeQpJacobian()
{
  return _grad_phi[_j][_qp] * _grad_test[_i][_qp];
}
```

## Additional information
This will link to additional docs, for example Theory manual, general system documentation.

* Kernels
* Finite Elements
* InputParameters


## Example Input Use
This can be generated automatically by simply grabbing the first appearence of the type in a test/example/tutorial.
```text
[Kernels]
  [./diffusion]
    type = Diffusion
    variable = u
  [../]
[]
```

## Input parameters
This will be generatied automatically from --yaml, the table can be broken into groups like Peacock.

| Parameters | Required | Default | Description |
| ---------- | :------: | :-----: | ----------- |
| block      | False    |         | The list of block ids (SubdomainID) that this object will be applied |
| variable   | True     |         | The name of the variable that this Kernel operates on |




## Use in MOOSE

A complete list of all used of the class in input files, this will be automatically genarated.
#### Examples

#### Tutorials


#### Tests
* [tests/userobjects/user_object/user_object_test.i](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/devel/test/tests/userobjects/user_object/user_object_test.i)
* ...

#### Base Class(es)

#### Contained Objects

## Developer Documentation
A few helper links that will be automatically genarated.

Class documentation: [Diffusion](http://mooseframework.org/docs/doxygen/moose/classDiffusion.html)

Header file: [Diffusion.h](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/devel/framework/include/kernels/Diffusion.h)

Source code: [Diffusion.C](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/devel/framework/src/kernels/Diffusion.C)
